Add minetest.bulk_swap_node (#15043)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

* `minetest.swap_node(pos, node)`
    * Swap node at position with another.
    * This keeps the metadata intact and will not run con-/destructor callbacks.
* `minetest.bulk_swap_node({pos1, pos2, pos3, ...}, node)`

>     * Like `minetest.bulk_set_node`, but will not call node callbacks.

Reviewer: this is more accurate
```suggestion
    * Equivalent to `minetest.swap_node` but in bulk. 
```
